Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear.
Hello there, folks.
This is Smokey, the forest fire-preventing bear.
Those singing friends of mine, the sons of the pioneers, have a song for you.
But first, how about joining us on a little visit to a big star?
Today, it's a wonderful friend of mine, Roy Rogers.
And here he comes now.
Well, welcome to the ranch, Smokey.
Seems to me that the last time we got together was at Madison Square Garden when I had the rodeo there.
Yes, and you took time out to talk to a lot of boys and girls about forest fire prevention.
I just want to tell you, Roy, how much good your words have helped.
Every day.
More and more boys and girls, and grown-ups too, are enlisting in the battle against forest fires.
Well, that's what it takes, Smokey.
Everyone pitching in to prevent them.
Every year, wildfires burn up millions of our trees, they damage our valuable watersheds, they destroy the food and homes of wildlife, and they desecrate the God-given beauty of our great outdoors.
You know, Smokey, I've thought a great deal about this.
When we're careless with fire, when we let it run wild and become its slave rather than to remain its master, we do ourselves and others a great injustice.
It's really kind of sinful.
If all of us would just think about it in this way, maybe we could have a lot fewer forest fires starting through carelessness.
Thank you, Roy.
Now, here are your singing pals, the sons of the pioneers, with an old favorite, Cowboy Camp Meeting.
I saw the light. And I got the word. I know that it's right. And have you heard?
I'm gonna ride, ride at the cowboy camp meeting, ride, ride at the cowboy camp meeting, ride, ride at the cowboy camp meeting, Ride on the golden range up in the sky, way in the sky, way up in the sky. Yes, we'll ride at the cowboy camp meeting
way up in the sky. Brother Buffalo Bill and Sister Lou is gonna be there brother like me and you. And old Kit Carson, he will too, way up in the sky.
He's gonna ride, ride at the cowboy camp meeting, ride, ride at the cowboy camp meeting, ride, ride at the cowboy camp meeting, Ride on the golden range up in the sky, way in the sky, way up in the sky. Yes, we'll ride at the cowboy camp meeting way up in the sky.
Little David slew that giant so tall, prove right was might for big and small. He'll play his harp as I recall, way up in the sky.
He's gonna play, play at the cowboy camp meeting, play, play at the cowboy camp meeting, play, play at the cowboy camp meeting, Play on the golden harp up in the sky, way up in the sky, up in the sky, way up in the sky. Yes, we'll play at the cowboy camp meeting way up in the sky, way up in the sky, way up in the sky.
Away up in, away up in the sky, way up in the sky.
Well, that's it for now, folks.
Thanks a lot for spending this time with us.
You know, it's your own state forestry department, along with the Forest Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, and this station you're listening to that make these get-togethers possible.
Until we say hello there again and pay another little visit to another big star, this is Smokey and his pals, the Sons of the Pioneers, asking you to always remember only you
can prevent forest and range fires.
Smokey the bear, Smokey the bear, prowlin' and a-growlin' and a-sniffin' the air.
He can find a fire before it starts to flame.
That's why they call him Smokey, that was how he got his name.
[Music.]